1.   what is emmet ? why is it used ?
A :  Emmet is a plugin that is used to auto-complete a code .
     It is available by defalt in VS code for HTML and CSS ,
     It increases the speed of typing in HTML ,with just a simple expression,
     we can implement a large code block 
     but we must perform some configuration for doing it in React .
     This Plugin will increase the productivity among the React developers.


2.   Difference between Library and framework :
A:   Definition : 
       Library : Libraries provide the developers with the predefined functions 
                 and classses to make their work easier and boost the development
                 process.
      Framework: Its a foundation on whihc developers build 
                 apps for specific platforms.
 
     Inversion of Control :
       Library : here the developers controls the flow of application and the 
                 developer will call the library .
      Framework : Here the control is inverted, the framework
                  controls the flow of application and calls your code 


     Collection :
       Library : Library consists of collection of helper modules, object
                 classes, functions,message templates , pre written code ,etc
      Famework : Generates new code for developers . These codes cant be altered or modifed later
                 Frameworks dont allow to alter their pre written there it wont deleted /modified .
    Scope: 
      Library : we can call the library whenever we want / whenever we see a fit in our code .
      Framwork : we can call and use what belongs to the framework within the same framework

    Complexity : 
      Library : whenever library is used we should the functionality of every method which is used , and its
                not easy to create the complex interactions since we should call many methods to get the desired results 

    Framework : Frameworks will embody the correct basic flow and its easy to do the correct modification at the right places 


   Replacibility:
      Library : if we want to replace the library at any time we can do it (For instance, if you do not like the jQuery date 
                picker library, you can use another date picker like a bootstrap date picker or pick date.)
    Framework : Frameworks are not easy to replace suppose if we are using the angular js we cant switch over to react js we should
                switch the entire codebase.

  Performace :
     Library   : Less code is required to build the libraries , there by faster loading and performace is faster.
     Framework : developing a framework requires a lot of coding there by increasing the loading time and performance is slower .
  
  Usage : 
     Library : the purpose of the libraries is to perform a defined task and specific task .
     Framework :It is used to perform a wide range of task , among these are webapp systems,plug in managers, GUI systems etc.

  Existing Projects : 
     Library : you can integrate the libraries seemlessly into the existing project and add the functionality .
     Frameworks : we cannot add the frameworks into the existing project , a framework must be used as a new project from the scratch 

  Benefits : 
     Library : Good code quality, reusability, and control, enhanced speed and performance of the program, etc.
     Framework : Faster programming, support from the community, great support for MVC (Model View Controller) pattern, etc.

3.  What is CDN? Why do we use it?
A . A CDN is a content delivery network. It is a system of distributed servers that deliver content to a user based
    on their geographic location. The benefits of using a CDN in React Js are many. CDNs can improve the performance 
    of your website by reducing the latency of content delivery and by providing a higher level of availability. 
    CDNs can also help to improve the security of your website by providing a distributed denial of service (DDoS) protection.

4. Why is React known as React ?
A. React makes it painless to create the interactive UIs.Design the simple views for each state in your application and react 
   will efficiently update and render just the right components when your data changes 
   Declarative code will make it more easy to understand.


5. What is cross origin in script tag?
A. In ReactJS, Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) refers to the method that allows you to make requests to the server
   deployed at a different domain. 
   The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
   Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.
   A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts)
   from another domain.
   CORS is used to manage cross-origin requests.
   CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, and is a mechanism that allows resources on a web page to be requested from
   another domain outside their own domain.It defines a way of how a browser and server can interact to determine whether 
   it is safe to allow the cross-origin request. CORS allows servers to 
   specify who can access the assets on the server, among many other things.

  The opposite of cross-origin requests is same-origin requests. This means that a web page can only interact with other documents 
  that are also on the same server. This policy enforces that documents that interact with each other must have the same origin (domain).


6. What is diference between React and ReactDOM ?
A : React : Open source JS library , for developing the UI of a web application .Library that defines what a component is and how
    multiple components work together.
    React DOM : helps in rendering the React to the web browser . 
    i.e it glues the react ideas to the web browser / Library that knows how to get a component to show up in the browser.

7.  What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
A:  In development mode, React includes many warnings to help in finding problems before they lead to bugs. Doing so, it increases the bundle
    size and makes the app run slower. The slowdown may be accepted while working on the app locally but we cannot afford this in deployment.
    In development mode React, internally, uses several clever techniques to minimize the number of costly DOM operations required to update 
    UI. In order to  speed up our React application we use  production builds (Its one among the ways to speed up the react application)

    The production build creates minified bundles, lighter-weight source maps, and optimized assets. This improves the load time. React recommends
    using production mode while deploying the react app. We now know that production build helps in optimizing performance. 
    

8.  What is async and defer? 
A:  when the HTML parsing takes place ,the html code is rendered as and when the rendering takes place , if the html encounters 
    a script tag then the resources are fetched from the network and then the script is executed , then html parsing continues ,
    in order to avoid the time gap when the script is being , we use something called asyn attribute which will render the script 
    along with/parallel to the html rendering process , where as in case of defer attribute , the resource inside the script are 
    fetched from the network along with the html but the execution of script takes place after the entire html is rendered.
